National University of Computer and Emerging Sciences NUCES or FASTNU with headquarters at Islamabad and campuses at Karachi Lahore Islamabad Peshawar and Faisalabad is one of the leading technical universities in Pakistan The university offers undergraduate graduate and PhD degrees in Computer Science Civil Engineering Electrical Engineering Business Administration and Mathematics. The Main Campus is located on a six acre site in Shah Latif Town on the National Highway, ten kilometers east of Karachi airport. The campus comprises purpose built classrooms, laboratories, auditorium, seminar rooms, and a Library. The Engineering labs comprise Electronics, Electrical, Control Engineering, Electromechanical System, Power Electronics, Instrumentation &amp; measurement, Engineering Workshop, Signal Processing, Telecommunications, Microwave &amp; antenna, PLC, Networking, Multimedia and Computer Labs. The Computing Labs have latest computers and workstations having Linux and Windows-based environments. The campus is fully networked and it also provides wireless hotspots. A separate Student Activities block includes Cafeteria, Sports Complex for indoor games and a Gymnasium with all modern equipments. In addition to a Mosque, playgrounds for Cricket, Football, Basketball, Badminton and Volleyball are also available. A fleet of more than twenty buses is available for students and staff to commute to and from the campus from various locations of the city. Separate hostel facilities for boys and girls are also available via arranged University housing in the nearby Gulshan-e-Hadeed, and also in convenient locations in main Karachi City. To supplement the academic activities of the main campus, there is a City Campus on main Shahra-e-Faisal (near Nursery) which houses the Business School and School for Graduate Studies. The purpose-built city campus has modern classrooms, computing labs and a canteen. The library of the city campus is linked with the library of the main campus. A Seminar Hall with a seating capacity of 175 is available for seminars, lectures and functions. In addition to the University sponsored financial assistance and scholarships, Karachi campus also receives scholarships for meritorious students under the Sindh Endowment Board by the Education and Literacy Department of the Government of Sindh at both undergraduate and graduate levels of studies. The scholarship has a separate quota for Urban and Rural students. At present, more than 200 students of Karachi campus receive scholarships under the Sindh Endowment Board Scheme. The Campus has a vibrant Research and Development culture. Each faculty member is a part of a Research Group. Weekly research seminars, local IEEE, ACM and IET chapters’ meetings and seminars and an annual International conference are regularly held.